gh-71770: Add more details on behavior of configparser's default_section (#31562)
python/cpython: Doc/library/configparser.rst

   When *default_section* is given, it specifies the name for the special
   section holding default values for other sections and interpolation purposes

>    (normally named ``"DEFAULT"``).  This value can be retrieved and changed on

Reviewer: Whilst we're here, let's change this to "at runtime"
```suggestion
   (normally named ``"DEFAULT"``).  This value can be retrieved and changed at
```

>    runtime using the ``default_section`` instance attribute, allowing the parser
>    instance to write a modified config to a file. Note that this does not
>    reevaluate the already parsed config.

Reviewer: And how about something like this?

```suggestion
   runtime using the ``default_section`` instance attribute. This won't
   re-evaluate an already parsed config file, but will be used when writing
   parsed settings to a new config file.
```
